[docs] update attention implementation and cache docs (#39547)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/perf_infer_gpu_one.md

- [xFormers](https://github.com/facebookresearch/xformers) or Memory-Efficient Attention is able to support models with the fp32 torch type.
- C++ implementation of scaled dot product attention

> SDPA is used by default for PyTorch v2.1.1. and greater when an implementation is available. You could explicitly enable SDPA by setting `attn_implementation="sdpa"` in [`~PreTrainedModel.from_pretrained`] though. Certain attention parameters, such as `head_mask` and `output_attentions=True`, are unsupported and returns a warning that Transformers will fall back to the (slower) eager implementation. You can also change the attention implementation after loading the model for most architectures. For details, check out the [attention interfaces documentation](./attention_interface).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SDPA is used by default for PyTorch v2.1.1. and greater when an implementation is available. You could explicitly enable SDPA by setting `attn_implementation="sdpa"` in [`~PreTrainedModel.from_pretrained`] though. Certain attention parameters, such as `head_mask` and `output_attentions=True`, are unsupported and returns a warning that Transformers will fall back to the (slower) eager implementation.

Refer to the [AttentionInterface](./attention_interface) guide to learn how to change the attention implementation after loading a model.
```

</hfoption>
</hfoptions>

> Enable FlashAttention2 by setting `attn_implementation="flash_attention_2"` in [`~PreTrainedModel.from_pretrained`] or by setting `model.set_attention_implementation("flash_attention_2")` to dynamically update the [attention interface](./attention_interface). FlashAttention2 is only supported for models with the fp16 or bf16 torch type. Make sure to cast your model to the appropriate data type first.

Reviewer: Also add `model.set_attention_implementation` snippet here
